- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -
I know what I need.
Same thing as you.
You have no idea what I want.
I love her!
Fuck.
Isaiah.
Isaiah!
Isaiah?
Isaiah, I've been
lookin' all over for you.
You're supposed to be in bed, hm?
- Are you angry?
- Am I a... No, I'm...
Not with you.
Got yourself a little cubbyhole, eh?
I like that.
Can I see?
Still thinking about the other night?
Me, too.
I know.
You try not to think about it,
so you dream it instead.
I didn't mean to look,
but I can't help it.
You're...
- You're looking at my dreams.
- Not just yours.
H-h-h...
How do you see these things?
Mom says I'm Touched.
She says what now?
Like you, only different.
But she told me not to tell.
What is that?
Isaiah, what is that?
- Nothing.
Isaiah, whose dreams are these?
Isaiah!
Who is this?
The man who's coming for us.
The puppet man.
Care to explain?
Listen, it's no secret that I take issue
with most of Mrs. True's ways,
especially her habit
of just disappearing.
But dealing with it like this,
well, it's just fucking stupid.
- What kind of idiot...
- Careful.
What I mean is...
anger doesn't make you special.
Anger's like...
- Well, it's like noses.
- Noses?
- Shut up.
- Hey, not inside.
- House rules, remember?
- It's everywhere.
On every face.
What makes you special
is what you do with it.
The anger.
How you channel it.
And that, I can show you.
How to let your anger out,
and in far better ways
than ripping up Amalia's old dresses.
What do you say?
Sounded like "fuck off" to me.
What if she's dead?
She could be dead. She could
be dead. She could be dead!
Or worse.
She could still be alive.
What if she's still alive?
- Sir!
- Huh? W-what? What?
Cook wants to know if today's
engagement is still happening.
Engagement?
The luncheon, sir.
In aid of the orphanage?
And since Ms. Bidlow's not back...
Huh.
- How long have you known?
- What are you talking about?
What am I talking about?
Our son is drawing things.
Violent, terrifying things.
Things that no child should
ever... And you knew.
Katherine, you knew,
and you kept it from me.
I'm his father!
I know who you are.
I know you better than you can imagine.
All thanks to Isaiah.
You think I wanted to bear this alone?
Our son's "gift".
Him waking in the night
because of your dreams!
- Because of the violence in your head!
- Not only mine!
Him asking me why his daddy
is dreaming of monsters!
Of bad men!
Other things a child can't understand.
He saw it all, Horatio.
If you dreamed it, he saw it.
- You should have said.
- When?
You're distant, distracted.
Why did you bring us here?
I wanted to keep you and Isaiah safe.
Safe?
What's even is that?
Our son is hurting.
He is scared, and he is haunted.
Just like his father.
You want to make us safe?
Stop these dreams. I don't care how.
Just prioritize your family
for once, Horatio.
I'm sure you'll be delighted to hear
that my party was a disaster.
You could offer me
a cup of tea at least.
I'm off out.
Hunting stag?
Sorry. I didn't mean to...
I want to help with Massen.
- You what?
- That's what you wanted, isn't it?
My help with your, uh...
Your case, your mission.
Well you can't bloody well storm
the House of Lords, can you?
You'll never get close
to him without me.
I'm not one of them, Frank.
That was my father's world.
- But it will not be mine.
- That ain't a decision
you just get to make, is it?
Not out there.
It ain't about who you wanna be.
You know you sound like a man defeated.
The definition of a realist.
Fine. I'm a toff. I always will be.
I still want to help.
What's good old Lord Massen done anyway?
Diddle the chambermaid?
Wait. Have...
Have I got it right? Is that it?
He killed Mary.
Hello? Who's in there?
Oh, my God.
Sarah.
Praise God.
They kept you from me. All this time.
Well, you're home now.
You're really home.
I'm home.
Come on.
She can't have left with it yet.
They have to be somewhere.
Maybe I should've...
No. I did the right thing.
Ms. Adair?
I'm so sorry. It's just no one
seems to know where you were.
They said you'd gone with Mrs. True.
How'd you get through the guards?
Oh, um, well, I-I dismissed them.
- You just told them to go?
- Yeah.
Turns out, there are
two Bidlows after all.
Uh, I hope I'm not interrupting.
Oh... No.
Um, to what do I owe this visit?
Well, uh...
Actually, I-I'm in
need of a favor. Um...
Lavinia has left me in charge
of the orphanage fundraiser
this afternoon, and, um...
Um, it...
It's just a little overwhelming,
with th-th-the food, and
the wine, and the seating,
the speech... Honestly,
I... I got no idea what I'm doing.
Um, would you come?
Me?
Yes. Yeah, I just...
I'd feel so much better
if you were there with me.
I might actually have a shot
at pulling this off.
Uh...
- Luncheons aren't really my thing.
- Nor mine.
Thought, um... Thought we could
be out of place together.
I just... I thought it would be nice
to spend a whole day with you.
In full view of society.
Because the thing is, Ms. Adair,
I-I don't want t-to try
and kiss you anymore.
- You don't?
- No, I don't. I don't.
I-I just... I want to actually kiss you.
If-if that's alright with you.
- May I?
- You may.
- Nothing general about that.
- No, no, no.
So, will you come? I-I'll
be forever in your debt.
Can Mrs. true spare you?
Definitely.
Is everything alright?
Y-yeah... Yeah. Sorry.
Excuse me, sir. Are you Edmund?
- Yes.
- There's a telephone call for you.
- Hello?
- Edmund!
- Mother.
- Darling, finally!
Where have you been?
I've been trying to reach you.
Oh, Mother, it's been so awful.
Yes, darling, of course.
- First, they destroyed the house.
- Sweetheart...
And then, they abducted me.
And I was tortured.
Dearest... Edmund!
Sweetheart, I am, of course,
deeply sympathetic
to your struggles,
and I want in due time
to hear all about them,
but right now, I have news.
- News?
- Yes, my love.
I found it.
You thought it was lost.
Mother has it safe.
Soon, we'll be together again.
Now, all we need is one
last piece of the puzzle.
It's a lovely day for a party.
So she chose to go
after it, and I'm worried.
Of course, you're worried.
She's your friend.
I-I will say if anyone can
handle themselves in crisis,
it's Mrs. True.
Well, that's certainly what
she'd like you to believe.
Tell me, how can you be sure
that you've done the right thing
when that thing just feels awful?
Well, I think, um,
y-y-you try to do your best
as often as you can,
and, maybe sometimes,
people get a bit bruised.
Unfortunately.
And y-you wonder,
was that the best thing?
Am, am I any good at all?
You're being hard on yourself.
And, actually, th-th-th...
that's further evidence of how
good a person you actually are.
Ms. Adair,
I could never be the person
this Mrs. True is to you.
But, uh...
I'm here.
And unless you tell me otherwise,
I'm not going anywhere.
Myrtle?
No.
You can't. You can't go.
You belong here. Like me.
You can't stay.
I don't think you'd get very
far with me by your side.
I just can't get over you being here.
It's a full-on miracle.
Well, these will have
to come out, won't they?
They turned London upside
down, these Touched.
I'm a fair man. Reasonable.
I can't abide anyone thinks
they're above the rest.
Taking up resources and not giving back,
which, as far as I can tell,
is exactly what they're doing.
Careful you don't overcook it.
Right. Of course.
They had the right idea
with that Maladie woman.
Maladie?
Hang the lot, I say.
I'm sorry.
Oh, that's really...
I didn't mean to...
Shh, shh, shh. Alright?
Um, darling...
Accidents happen.
We'll clean it up, and
no one will be the wiser.
Now...
Let's try that again, shall we?
I've taught you what
I know about fighting.
But fighting's not enough.
These Purists have
their sights set on us.
- It's not enough to just throw... or punch.
- Good.
- We've gotta be ready.
- No...
We have to learn to watch
each other's backs.
And that goes for each
and every one of us.
And with Amalia not here,
we have to work together...
How can we work together
when we can't even be together?
Annie, none of this matters anymore.
What's got into you?
There is a bill going through
the House of Lords this evening.
It's standard reactionary nonsense
veiled as keeping London safe.
But there's an amendment pending,
and Aneel said the vote
could swing either way.
Wait, what?
It will make it against the law
for the Touched to gather.
They're going to separate us.
Split us apart.
So unless we find some useful
precedent or a loophole,
the orphanage will be illegal.
Mom, where's Daddy?
How'd you do! How'd
you do! How'd you do!
Go on, Mr. Punch!
Ooh, a blue ribbon.
She's Touched!
That's it! She's Touched!
What are we gonna do with her, then?
I'll touch you, alright, with this!
Stop or I'll use my turn!
Here's a turn for you!
Harder! Harder! Beat her!
Beat the Touched! Beat
the Touched! Beat the Touched!
Yeah! We'll take them all to Hell!
Oh, my baby!
Bye-bye, baby! Bye-bye!
That's the way we do it!
That's the way we do!
Thank you very much! Thank you
very much! Thank you very much!
- That's right!
- There you go.
Thank you very much! Thank you
very much, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you very much.
Rob, my boy!
Well done.
Well done. Exactly what we needed.
Hearts and minds.
This is just the beginning.
We've got a lot going on. We can't stop.
No, it has to be today.
- As soon as possible.
- Today?
Bore someone else with the
details. Just make it happen.
Draw me a bath.
Send that telegram.
Yes, ma'am. Right away, ma'am.
Oh my... Oh, my God. Um...
La-Lavinia.
Wha...
Oh, my God! My God! W-what happened?
Oh...
There was an incident in the carriage.
It was quite an ordeal.
God, that's awful.
- Yeah...
- I'm so glad that you're alright.
Well, that remains to be seen.
Well, it was... It was
really lovely of you
to have left the fundraiser to Augie.
- It's a real show of confidence.
- Yes, yes.
Um...
I-I hope you don't mind,
Vinnie, but in your absence,
I took the liberty
of finalizing the plans.
Mind?
Not in the least.
So, you don't?
No. Well, someone had to do it.
Thank you, Augie.
Mm, mm-hmm.
Well, I'd best get ready.
Are you staying for lunch, Ms. Adair?
Yes. Yes, she is.
Only if you approve.
Of course, my darling.
But we need to find you
something to wear.
You can't come like that.
Maybe one of the Paris dresses.
After all,
I never did get a chance to wear them.
- Come along, Ms. Adair.
- Lavinia...
Don't worry, Augie.
I'll take good care of her.
Ye... Well, go.
Sarah?
What are you doing in here?
Nothing.
Nothing. I-I was just...
I was just...
I was just... I just...
I just wanted to, um...
There, there. You're alright. Calm down.
You sent me away.
Sent you? Wh...
Is that why...
You were melancholic.
Just inexplicably sad.
And I'd tried everything
to lift your spirits.
But nothing I did...
And so, to protect you from yourself,
I...
I sacrificed our family,
our hopes and dreams, our...
our future.
For you.
It's all for you, my darling.
I did it all for you.
Oh...
Please don't cry.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
How sorry?
I'll do anything.
Anything?
Anything.
Give me your hand.
My hand?
Lester, Lester, no, please! No!
- Please, don't! No, no, no, no, no, no, no...
- Believe me!
- This hurts me a lot more than it hurts you.
- No, Lester, Lester, please!
No, no, no, no! No, no, no!
My office is off limits.
Do you understand?
Tell me.
Who is the enchanting-looking
young woman
at the end of the table?
She favors you in your younger days.
Before everything went wrong?
Your sister is staring.
Because you look beautiful.
- Dress suits you.
- Hm.
- It was very kind of her to offer it.
- Mm-hmm.
But it is funny. I always...
- I always thought she disliked me.
- Me, too.
Oh, n-no. Sorry, no. Um, me.
N-not you. I thought she disliked me.
But she's your sister.
Yeah, I know.
Maybe you're wrong.
Well, I suppose we'll see.
We'll see what?
Augie?
Lavinia. Uh, sorry. I know
this is your occasion,
but I hope you'll allow me
to say a few words.
Yes, of course, Augustus.
I-I-I'm not... I'm not very
good at speeches. Uh,
the words tend to get...
words tend to get all
jumbled up in my, um...
But I-I'm not jumbled now.
But I feel... I feel clearer today
than I've ever felt in my life.
So, I'd like to propose a toast.
To my sister.
Mm...
- Yes?
- Yes!
Hello. I'm here for the party.
Master and Mistress are indisposed.
Actually, uh...
What is that? Is that mahogany?
- It's lovely.
- Sir...
When our father died, you stepped in.
And th-th-that's not only to manage
o-our family's interests,
but also to manage me.
And I-I-I'm exceedingly
grateful to you for that.
For everything.
'Cause you just did so much
for so long.
And...
th-th-that's why I've decided
that it's time to relieve you
of some of that burden by
assuming control of the estate.
As our father's only son,
it is rightfully mine.
The house, the lands, and...
and the orphanage.
No, d-don't worry, Lavinia.
I'll still keep you in all the finery
to which you've become accustomed.
You can still have your gowns
a-a-and y-your hats.
And those little cakes that you like.
- Augie...
- I just... I really believe that it is high time
that the home for the Touched
is run by someone who...
who actually is... who...
Someone who ac... who is... who...
who is actually,
a-a-as a matter of fact...
- himself...
- Well, alright!
Okay! You win...
♪ I'm in love with you ♪
Oh, I didn't realize
there'd be entertainment.
- Ms. Bidlow!
- What are you doing here?
Well, I'm here to show my support.
Wh-what is the meaning
of this intrusion?
Shall I tell them all the lengths
- I've gone to for the cause?
- Lavinia,
what's he talking about?
Who is this man?
- Collins? Lay an extra place, please.
- Ah.
What?
Hm, here,
- I think.
- Lavinia!
I said add a place!
You...
This gentleman will be
joining us for lunch.
Everyone, as you were.
A-as you were, everybody.
Ooh. Ah.
Y-you didn't tell me
you were going to do that.
I wanted to surprise you.
Won't your sister be upset though?
Just don't worry about her.
Ms. Adair, I presume?
- Y-yeah. Yes.
- Oh! It's...
It's an honor.
So, the plan is I distract Massen?
The plan is you get me through the gate
and you stay out of me fuckin' way.
I thought I was distracting
Massen while you went
to search for secret papers.
Um, unpaid taxes, blood rights,
that sort of thing.
- Evidence?
- Exactly. Something to take Massen down,
not get yourself killed
in some ridiculous
display of masculinity.
If you don't like my methods,
then you know you...
I'm here, aren't I? Let's just...
Let's just not be rash.
That means stupid.
I know what it fuckin' means,
you fuckin' prat!
Shut up.
A bit unkempt for Lavinia, isn't he?
- American.
- An inventor?
Oh! How wonderful!
And what sort of things do you invent?
I don't know, just this and that.
Whatever is needed, really.
I think there's such
beauty in inventing.
In arranging parts and pieces together
to make a wondrous whole.
And then there's that moment
when, when everything
sparks to life.
A-and, well, it-it-it's...
- It's otherworldly.
- Precisely!
Precisely.
Mr. Bidlow, what was it you
were about to say before?
- High time for?
- Oh, nothing.
The moment passed.
Yes!
- Yes!
- Yes. Yeah, exactly.
Um, Ms. Adair?
Sorry.
- Sorry. Excuse me.
- Oh.
Sorry. You, um, you are
meant to be my guest.
Oh, I-I thought that was
the point of these things.
You talk to people
you don't really know.
Uh, sorry.
What was I saying? Um...
He's here, ma'am.
Keep an eye on them.
Excuse me.
Lord Massen.
Ms. Bidlow.
Thank you for coming
at such short notice.
It's so rare to meet someone
who sees the world like I do.
Oh, Ms. Adair.
I would love to see
the world through your eyes.
To see her.
All wisping amber waves of light.
Currents.
Reflecting and diffusing.
H-how do you know about... ?
Oh, Ms. Adair.
I know much more than that.
We have, in the past, found ourselves
on opposing sides in
the matter of the Touched.
We have.
You have often expressed your
opinion that their afflictions
are caused by some great and powerful...
enemy.
If you are attempting to change
my mind once again,
Ms. Bidlow, it is a cause as lost
as the one you so desperately support.
The Prosperity of London Bill
is up for a vote tonight, is it not?
- It is.
- And as I understand it,
- your amendment hangs in the balance.
- You needn't worry.
My peers have made it very clear
that they have no intention
of letting it pass.
Apparently, there's a feeling
that I have overstepped the bounds.
I'm hardly surprised.
Men are like babies and can
rarely see beyond the next feed.
But that is no matter.
Because what I have here will give you
all the ammunition
you need to sway the vote.
You're offering your support
to an amendment
that would dismantle your own orphanage?
Lord Massen, there can be
no community for the Touched
while evil walks among them.
And I have seen it.
I have looked in its face.
A face so...
familiar to me
that I cannot bear it.
It must be destroyed.
Pluck it out by the root.
Burn it in the fire.
You have only to strike the match.
I don't understand.
One hears all sorts of whispers
down the telephone lines.
Are you Dr. Hague?
No. Call me Edmund.
- I'd rather not.
- No, no, no, no.
Don't you want to know
what it was you encountered
that day in your workshop?
At once marvelous and miraculous?
Like infinite possibility and hope?
Could you really bear...
not knowing?
I could show you.
I have a carriage just beyond the gates.
I leave in 10 minutes.
With or without you.
About fucking time.
Penance?
Ms. Adair?
Hello?
Oh. I-I'm sorry.
I-I-I was just thinking about, um...
Amalia couldn't stay.
She was being pulled by something...
bigger. A-a-a kind of...
I'm so sorry.
I think I have to go.
Oh, yes, o-of course. Of course.
Thank you.
The Lord God said to rally the troops,
prepare 'em for battle.
Yeah, we know. We know.
Drink your ale before it gets warm.
Can I get some Irish whiskey?
This thing is fuckin' creepy.
Gimme that.
Oi! Make way!
You fuckin' deaf?
The girl said move.
I guarantee you don't
wanna piss her off.
First installment. Have a gander.
Just a little taste though.
When do we get the rest?
When you get your marching orders.
The hour of retribution is at hand!
Is it now? You wait
for my word, Preacher.
- Do you understand?
- We understand, King.
Now, who's gonna get me a drink?
Ol' Punch over there will sort you out.
Oi, that whiskey's two shillings.
Watch it.
Oi! Doctor! Odd place for your type
to be wettin' their whistle,
don't you think?
I was just having a drink.
- Just having a drink?
- Yes.
- And now I'm finished, and I'm going home.
- Finished? Yes.
Home? No.
Can't have you telling
your little friends back
at the orphanage what we're
up to with the Purists.
- I won't say a word.
- Fucking right you won't.
Stop. Stop.
Darling?
You coming to bed?
I'll be there in a minute.
Hello.
Well, hello.
Well, you're in a better mood.
- I am.
- Hm...
I like it.
I thought you might.
Not so fast.
Let's play a game.
It's called, "How long can
you hold your breath?"
You first.
What?
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
Playing a game. Don't you like games?
No!
One... two...
93!
Three... 42... 43...
23... 47... 48...
Lester...
Lester?
What's that, darling?
Fucking bitch.
I thought that's what you said.
I win. Mwah.
What's the matter, love?
Yeah.
I know the feeling.
We all do.
Well?
Come on, then!
Ready.
- Are you insane?!
- Are you?
Oh, my God, put it away!
- Put it away.
- I've put it away.
Beechy!
Lord Swann.
We weren't expecting you.
- Did you not get my telegram?
- No.
No? Are you sure?
I know I expressly
told Rupert to send it.
It never arrived, sir.
Oh. Huh. Well, I'm here now.
Never mind. Should we go inside?
Oh, but the master isn't in.
- Isn't he?
- No.
Well, that's marvelous.
I get you all to myself.
Uh, I'm sorry, Lord Swann,
but we're not receiving guests.
Beechy, surely that doesn't include me?
Um... You...
You must have heard
about my father, of course.
- Of course, sir, yes.
- Uh...
I've, uh, been in a terrible state.
Really awful.
Do you know, the only thing
which I think will make it
remotely bearable is a cup of tea
and one of your wonderful brandy balls.
I just made a fresh batch.
Come in. But, don't tell the master.
I wouldn't dream of it.
Mm!
Mm. Beechy...
Mm.
We never did see eye-to-eye.
He never warmed to me the way...
- Hm.
- Well, the way he did to my brother.
I suppose I was always a bit odd!
A bit too inquisitive!
And he didn't like that! You know,
asking the wrong sort of questions,
never knowing when to shut up!
Too cheeky for his tastes.
He thought I ought to...
Uh, toe the line. Live up
- to the family name!
- Hm...
Be more serious, I think. Yeah.
Act a more serious child.
More balls?
What is that, Beechy?
Sometimes, fathers make mistakes.
Take your father.
It wasn't cheek you had.
It was spirit.
Lord Swann.
Try the key, dear.
Oh, my God.
Hello, Lillie.
Sir.
Oh, there you are.
You disappeared.
Just like Ms. Adair.
Do you know, in the future,
I think I might have someone
draw up a little schedule
for you, so I know
where you are at all times.
Wh-what is it?
The last of our guests
has finally arrived.
Wha...
What are you... Ah!
Lavinia, what the hell?
What is this? No! This is...
Oh, don't make a fuss.
Just like you said, we all need
to be relieved of our
burdens once in a while.
Thank you.
Lavinia!
You're gonna need it.
- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -